For example it's interesting to learn how else we could create an object. Here we're using the literal
notation which means we're writing it directly here in the code and this is a very convenient notation
and one you'll often use. A different way to create an object
and I'll just reduce this to be a more simpler object for now again, another way would be to create
another person here as a new object.
Now object here is a built-in object indeed Javascript ships with
and we can instantiate a new version of this object with the new keyboard.
This basically tells Javascript create a new object for me. Now rightfully, you would be saying but where
is the name and the age field if you want to create another person?
We're not specifying it here, we're using the generic object object
Javascript ships with. Well we would have to add these fields,
so we would have to say anotherPerson.name equals Anna and of course, anotherPerson.age equals
whatever, 30, whatever you like
and then of course we could print out another person
and if I hit run, you see that this object was created.
So that's a different way to create an object
but as you probably already see, this method here is preferable because it's much faster and it's also
not only faster but more explicit. By looking at it,
we directly see how this object looks like. Here, we have to see ok, it's name and age,
so it
takes longer.
So this way of creating it certainly has some advantages
but you do have this other way here too.